docs: inject-route (#704)
withastro/docs: src/pages/en/reference/integrations-reference.md

            updateConfig: (newConfig: Record<string, any>) => void;
            addRenderer: (renderer: AstroRenderer) => void;
            injectScript: (stage: InjectedScriptStage, content: string) => void;

>             injectRoute: ({pattern: string, entryPoint: string}) => void;

Reviewer: Nit, but we usually use spaces inside curly braces:

```suggestion
            injectRoute: ({ pattern: string, entryPoint: string }) => void;
```

    updateConfig: (newConfig: Record<string, any>) => void;
    addRenderer: (renderer: AstroRenderer) => void;
    injectScript: (stage: InjectedScriptStage, content: string) => void;

>     injectRoute: ({pattern: string, entryPoint: string}) => void;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    injectRoute: ({ pattern: string, entryPoint: string }) => void;
```

- `clientEntrypoint` - path to a file that executes on the client whenever your component is used. This is mainly for rendering or hydrating your component with JS.
- `serverEntrypoint` - path to a file that executes during server-side requests or static builds whenever your component is used. These should render components to static markup, with hooks for hydration where applicable. [React's `renderToString` callback](https://reactjs.org/docs/react-dom-server.html#rendertostring) is a classic example.

#### `injectRoute` option

> **Type:** `({pattern: string, entryPoint: string}) => void;`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Type:** `({ pattern: string, entryPoint: string }) => void;`
```

> A callback function to inject a route from an integration. Injected routes can be `.astro` pages, or `.js` route handlers.

Reviewer: I wonder if “from an integration” is superfluous here as these are the Integration API docs.

Are these links pointing to the right parts of the docs here @thepassle? I’m a little unclear if a JS route handler is a “non-HTML page” or an SSR thing? (Also, this and the RFC say “`.js` route” but could this also be a `.ts`?

I also pluralised “routes” as this can technically inject multiple using dynamic patterns.

```suggestion
A callback function to inject routes into an Astro project. Injected routes can be [`.astro` pages](https://docs.astro.build/en/core-concepts/astro-pages/) or [`.js` route handlers](https://docs.astro.build/en/core-concepts/astro-pages/#non-html-pages).
```

> A callback function to inject routes into an Astro project. Injected routes can be [`.astro` pages](/en/core-concepts/astro-pages/) or [`.js` route handlers](/en/core-concepts/astro-pages/#non-html-pages).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A callback function to inject routes into an Astro project. Injected routes can be [`.astro` pages](/en/core-concepts/astro-pages/) or [`.js` and `.ts` route handlers](/en/core-concepts/astro-pages/#non-html-pages).
```

`injectRoute` takes an object with a `pattern` and an `entryPoint`. 

> - `pattern`: The `pattern` is where the route should be output in the browser, for example: `/foo/bar`. `pattern`s reuse Astro's syntax for denoting dynamic routes, for example: `/foo/[bar]`, or `/foo/[...bar]`. Note that a file extension is **not** needed in the `pattern`.
> - `entryPoint`: The `entryPoint` should be a bare module specifier pointing towards the `.astro` page or `.js` route handler that handles the route denoted in the `pattern`.

Reviewer: Agreeing with @sarah11918 here to avoid repetition and made a few tiny tweaks. (Not sure I _love_ the hyphen separation — would prefer an em-dash or colon — but it’s what the other similar blocks on this page use).

```suggestion
- `pattern` - where the route should be output in the browser, for example `/foo/bar`. A `pattern` can use Astro's filepath syntax for denoting dynamic routes, for example `/foo/[bar]` or `/foo/[...bar]`. Note that a file extension is **not** needed in the `pattern`.
- `entryPoint` - a bare module specifier pointing towards the `.astro` page or `.js` route handler that handles the route denoted in the `pattern`.
```

> - `entryPoint` - a bare module specifier pointing towards the `.astro` page or `.js` route handler that handles the route denoted in the `pattern`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `entryPoint` - a bare module specifier pointing towards the `.astro` page or `.js`/`.ts` route handler that handles the route denoted in the `pattern`.
```
